Add about_me/instagram/imdb for agency employees (#99)
denkungsart/filmmakers-api: docs/talent-agencies.md

      "first_name": "John",
      "last_name": "Doe",
      "phone": "49613163691950",
      "email": "agent@example.com",
      "role": "agent",
      "function": null,
      "instagram_username": "mypersonalprofile",
      "imdb_link": "https://www.imdb.com/name/nm1234567",
      "picture_url": "https://imgproxy.filmmakers.eu/bfa9eb4c-c6ac-11ee-9015-f30db07efa43.jpg",

>       "about_me": "This is a text about me"

Reviewer: No, let's duplicate the explanation

| Field | Type | Description |
|-------|------|-------------|
| associations | array of strings | Possible values are: `pma`, `sfaal`, `vda` |

> | employees[].about_me | string | This field is dependent on the locale. If no locale is passed, it defaults to "en". |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| employees[].about_me | string |Returned as plain text (stripped of any rich text formatting). This field is localized. If the `locale` query parameter is not provided, the API attempts to return the English (`en`) version of `about_me`. To request the `about_me` text in a specific language, use the `locale` query parameter (e.g., `?locale=de`). If the `about_me` content for the requested locale is not available, it will return null.|
```
